Zoho Books updates (#72)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/integrations/accounting/zoho-books/zoho-book-limits.md

updatedAt: "2022-10-17T16:27:12.407Z"
---

To minimize the performance impact of the [rate limits](zoho-book-limits#zoho-books-rate-limits) described below, by default Codat pulls a reduced dataset from Zoho Books for some data types.

The following table summarizes the fields which are excluded when pulling reduced datasets from Zoho Books.

> | Data type pulled  | Fields excluded                 |

Reviewer: 🙌

- Per-minute rate limit
- Refresh token limit

> Our Zoho Books integration works within these limits to minimize the performance impact of pulling and pushing large volumes of data. It tries to maximise the number of records retrieved per API call, but for some data types or if the retrictions described above are removed it is only possible to fetch a single record for each API call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our Zoho Books integration works within these limits to minimize the performance impact of pulling and pushing large volumes of data. To do so, the integration maximises the number of records retrieved per API call for most data types. However, for certain data types, the integration can only fetch a single record for each API call to Zoho Books, impacting performance. This also applies if the restrictions on pulling reduced datasets described above are removed.
```

Reviewer 2: I have tried to break up the information a bit.

Author: ```suggestion
Our Zoho Books integration works within these limits to minimize the performance impact of pulling and pushing large volumes of data. To do so, the integration maximises the number of records retrieved per API call for most data types. However, for certain data types, the integration can only fetch a single record for each API call to Zoho Books, impacting performance. This also applies to additional data types if the restrictions on pulling reduced datasets described above are removed.```

Author: Perhaps this is over picky but just wanted to add that it affected the specific data types where you remove restrictions (that's probably obvious but just wanted to make clear), does that wording seem reasonable. Also happy to go with your wording if you think it's clearer

Reviewer 2: No, that makes sense - please change. I thought the removal of restrictions by Support applied to all data types (but should have checked with you first).

### API daily rate limit

The _API daily rate limit_ lets organizations make a limited number of API calls to Zoho Books per day (up to 2,500 or 500 per user whichever is lower);

> If the cumulative number of API calls to the organisation you are trying to link to exceeds the daily limit, you might encounter the following issues:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the cumulative number of API calls to the organization you are trying to link to exceeds the daily limit, you might encounter the following issues:
```
